docs: rewrite confusing sentences (#10269)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/semantic-commits.md

- chore(deps): update eslint to v4.2.0
- fix(deps): update express to v4.16.2

Renovate uses the `chore` prefix by default.

> If you extend `config:base`, Renovate still defaults to `chore`, but will use the `fix` prefix for dependencies.

Reviewer: I think the fix will only applied to npm package dependencies. 🤔

Reviewer 2: npm and composer I believe

Reviewer 2: And by `dependencies` we mean production dependencies and not `devDependencies`

Author: ```suggestion
When you extend `config:base`, Renovate still defaults to `chore`, but will use the `fix` prefix for npm production dependencies (`devDependencies` still use `chore`).
```

How about this sentence?
